with your imagination you can create
anything where's the food the pants with
a pen a school supplies they want you to
go meet with them in New York they want
you give us millions of dollars I'm not
coming back without a suitcase full of
money USB is about yes
I'm Teresa so nice to meet you so we
have a list of priorities I have the
caterers on the line I'm really sorry
about that you just caught me at a very
busy time my daughters getting married
this weekend come to the wedding we can
get to know each other better I
pronounce you husband and wife
hey glad you made it Isabelle runs an
oarfish in India that I'm thinking of
fighting
oh yeah what are you doing here I didn't
know hi Isabel ray I told you that I
would call you but you didn't
this is strange to see Oscar again he's
good-looking man now but back then I
must have really been something
[Music]
I'm about to donate a small fortune to
the orphan Isabelle runs in India I
don't trust your wife she's gonna give
you money for your charity you're gonna
question her integrity huh 20 million
what does she want
[Music]
you know that you're not the only one
affected by this right we don't get to
choose
you tell her all right well I want to
know everything
what did you do
[Music]
you